Feature/icon update (#11)
vtex-apps/wish-list: public/metadata/en-US/full_description.txt

## About

The Wishlist app is designed for **B2C**. It adds a heart icon to the Shelfs and Product Page, so the user can add it to the Wishlist, you can list all the Wishlisted items at `/wishlist`. 

## Configuration

Install this app from the VTEX APP Store

> Once Wishlist is added as a dependency, a new route called `/wishlist` will be automatically created for your store, allowing the user to list all the "Wishlisted" products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the app is installed, a new route called `/wishlist` will be automatically created for your store, allowing the user to list all of their "Wishlisted" products.
```

> :warning: This app increment the standard VTEX shelf and product blocks with content using abstract interfaces from `vtex.wish-list` . The **VTEX wishlist block** is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: This app provides the following blocks for use in the `store-theme`:
```

Reviewer: I'd suggest making this change for docs/README.md as well

- `"add-to-list-btn"`: This block can be added to the product page (`store.product`) and shelf (`product-summary.shelf`). It renders a heart icon to the block.
- `"list-context.wishlist"`: This block provides a product list context that can be used to build a list of products.

> If you want to make any changes to the `/wishlist` layout, feel free to change its blocks by creating a `wishlist.jsonc` file under `store/blocks` of your own theme.

Reviewer: Should mention peerDependencies here

> For more details on how to implement and customiza, please head over to the [Advanced Configuration](https://github.com/vtex-apps/wish-list#configuration) section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on how to implement and customize, please head over to the [Advanced Configuration](https://github.com/vtex-apps/wish-list#configuration) section.
```
